
TITLE:DONALD TRUMP VS BARACK OBAMA ON NUCLEAR WEAPONS IN EAST ASIA

1.(One of the president's aides said it would be "catastrophic.") The president was particularly indignant after the success of last week's Nuclear Security Summit-at which he got Poland and Kazakhstan to agree to reduce their stockpiles of enriched uranium, Japan to ship out some separated plutonium, and other participants to tighten up a treaty on securing nuclear materials.

1.The candidate's set-to with the president, however, was far from frivolous. Mr. Trump suggested that, if South Korea and Japan had nuclear weapons, we could spend less protecting those allies. This approach, Mr. Obama rejoined, would reverse decades of U.S. policy on nuclear proliferation. 
2.(One of the president's aides said it would be "catastrophic.") The president was particularly indignant after the success of last week's Nuclear Security Summit-at which he got Poland and Kazakhstan to agree to reduce their stockpiles of enriched uranium, Japan to ship out some separated plutonium, and other participants to tighten up a treaty on securing nuclear materials.

1.The candidate's set-to with the president, however, was far from frivolous. Mr. Trump suggested that, if South Korea and Japan had nuclear weapons, we could spend less protecting those allies. This approach, Mr. Obama rejoined, would reverse decades of U.S. policy on nuclear proliferation. 
2.(One of the president's aides said it would be "catastrophic.") The president was particularly indignant after the success of last week's Nuclear Security Summit-at which he got Poland and Kazakhstan to agree to reduce their stockpiles of enriched uranium, Japan to ship out some separated plutonium, and other participants to tighten up a treaty on securing nuclear materials.
3.Yet there is one thing that might get Beijing to do better: the Trumpian prospect that Seoul and Tokyo will decide to become nuclear powers. No U.S. president should want them to do so-or take for granted that he or she could stop them. China needs to reckon with, and be reminded of, the enormous danger it is courting. Whatever he understands about the workings of balance-of-power theory, Donald Trump has provided one such reminder. He may do more good than he knows.


TITLE:PEOPLE AREN'T UPGRADING SMARTPHONES AS QUICKLY AND THAT IS BAD FOR APPLE

1.He cut roughly 10 million units off of both of his 2016 and 2017 iPhone sales projections. Sales of iPhone units should now hit 210 million in the current fiscal year and 220 million in fiscal 2017, he estimates.

1.When it comes to Apple, specifically, people have blamed the “s” cycle for sluggish sales and longer upgrades. (These cycles usually entail less changes than when the cycle switches numbers.) However, the decline this year has been steeper than prior cycles, said Mr. Piecyk.
2.He cut roughly 10 million units off of both of his 2016 and 2017 iPhone sales projections. Sales of iPhone units should now hit 210 million in the current fiscal year and 220 million in fiscal 2017, he estimates.

1.Part of the decline may have been driven by a slowdown ahead of Samsung’s Galaxy S7 launch in March and growth of iPhone sales in Apple stores, which operators might not be factoring into their upgrade rates, he said. Still, even after excluding those, it’s “undeniable” that the phone replacement cycle is lengthening in the U.S., Mr. Piecyk added.
2.When it comes to Apple, specifically, people have blamed the “s” cycle for sluggish sales and longer upgrades. (These cycles usually entail less changes than when the cycle switches numbers.) However, the decline this year has been steeper than prior cycles, said Mr. Piecyk.
3.He cut roughly 10 million units off of both of his 2016 and 2017 iPhone sales projections. Sales of iPhone units should now hit 210 million in the current fiscal year and 220 million in fiscal 2017, he estimates.


TITLE:THE LAST MAN ON THE MOON: EUGENE CERNAN GIVES A COMPELLING ACCOUNT

1.The Gemini programme gave way to the Apollo programme, which started with a tragedy – a fire, while on the launchpad, on Apollo 1. Cernan speaks with emotion of the accident that took the lives of three of his friends and colleagues, and the effect it had on the remaining astronauts. 

1.After starting his career as a gung-ho navy pilot in the 1950s, he was selected by Nasa in 1963 to become part of its astronaut training corps. But the film is much more than a biography of Cernan; it is his account of one of the most important parts of the history of human spaceflight.
2.Because of these problems, he could not complete the spacewalk. Cernan regards his part in the mission as a failure. But watching the ISS astronauts carrying out their tasks half a century later, it is clear they owe an enormous debt of gratitude to pathfinders such as Cernan, who took huge risks to identify where improvements had to be made.
3.The Gemini programme gave way to the Apollo programme, which started with a tragedy – a fire, while on the launchpad, on Apollo 1. Cernan speaks with emotion of the accident that took the lives of three of his friends and colleagues, and the effect it had on the remaining astronauts. 

1.“Dream the impossible – and go out and make it happen. I walked on the moon. What can’t you do?” These are the final words spoken by Eugene (Gene) Cernan in the documentary film The Last Man on the Moon. They are a challenge, spoken by a man in his 80s, not just to his grandchildren, but to all of us.
2.All the clichés of a western – only the tumbleweed is missing. My heart sank. Why did I agree to review this drivel? I am pleased to report, though, that things got a lot better very quickly.
3.After starting his career as a gung-ho navy pilot in the 1950s, he was selected by Nasa in 1963 to become part of its astronaut training corps. But the film is much more than a biography of Cernan; it is his account of one of the most important parts of the history of human spaceflight.
4.Because of these problems, he could not complete the spacewalk. Cernan regards his part in the mission as a failure. But watching the ISS astronauts carrying out their tasks half a century later, it is clear they owe an enormous debt of gratitude to pathfinders such as Cernan, who took huge risks to identify where improvements had to be made.
5.The Gemini programme gave way to the Apollo programme, which started with a tragedy – a fire, while on the launchpad, on Apollo 1. Cernan speaks with emotion of the accident that took the lives of three of his friends and colleagues, and the effect it had on the remaining astronauts. 

